Bring testing guide into the repo. (#1217)
metalbear-co/mirrord: TESTING.md

### Prerequisites

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)
- [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/), [Expressjs](https://expressjs.com/)
- [Python](https://www.python.org/), [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.1.x/)
- [Go](https://go.dev/)
- Kubernetes Cluster (local/remote)

### Setup a Kubernetes cluster

A minimal Kubernetes cluster can be easily setup locally using either of the following -

- [Minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/)
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
- [Kind](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/quick-start/)

For the ease of illustration and testing, we will conform to using Docker Desktop for the rest of the guide.

#### Docker Desktop

Download [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)

![Docker Desktop UI](images/mirrord-docker-desktop.png "Docker Desktop")

Enable Kubernetes in preferences, Apply and Restart

![Enable Kubernetes in Docker Desktop](images/mirrord-enable-kubernetes.png "Enable Kubernetes")

#### Preparing a cluster

Switch Kubernetes context to `docker-desktop`

```bash
kubectl config get-contexts
```

```bash
kubectl config use-context docker-desktop
```

## E2E Tests

> The E2E tests create kubernetes resources in the cluster that kubectl is configured to use and then run sample apps 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The E2E tests create Kubernetes resources in the cluster that kubectl is configured to use and then run sample apps 
```

> with the mirrord cli. The mirrord cli spawns an agent for the target on the cluster, and runs the test app, with the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the mirrord CLI. The mirrord CLI spawns an agent for the target on the cluster, and runs the test app, with the 
```

layer injected into it. Some test apps need to be compiled before they can be used in the tests 
([this should be automated in the future](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord/issues/982)).

The basic command to run the E2E tests is:
```bash
cargo test --package tests
```

However, when running on macOS a universal binary has to be created first:
```bash
scripts/build_fat_mac.sh
```

And then in order to use that binary in the tests, run the tests like this:
```bash
MIRRORD_TESTS_USE_BINARY=../target/universal-apple-darwin/debug/mirrord cargo test -p tests
```

## Integration Tests

> The layer's integration tests test the hooks and their logic without actually using a kubernetes cluster and spawning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The layer's integration tests test the hooks and their logic without actually using a Kubernetes cluster and spawning
```

an agent. The integration tests usually execute a test app and load the dynamic library of the layer into them. The 
tests set the layer to connect to a TCP/IP address instead of spawning a new agent. The tests then have to simulate the 
agent - they accept the layer's connection, receive the layers messages and answer them as the agent would.

> Since they do not need to create kubernetes resources and spawn agents, the integration tests complete much faster than 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since they do not need to create Kubernetes resources and spawn agents, the integration tests complete much faster than 
```

the E2E tests, especially on GitHub Actions.

> Therefore, whenever possible we create integration tests and only as few E2E tests as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, whenever possible we create integration tests, and only resort to E2E tests when necessary.
```

kind: Service
metadata:
  labels:
    app: py-serv
  name: py-serv
spec:
  ports:
    - port: 80
      protocol: TCP
      targetPort: 80
      nodePort: 30000
  selector:
    app: py-serv
  sessionAffinity: None
  type: NodePort

```

</details>

Verify everything was created after applying the manifest

```bash
❯ kubectl get services
NAME         TYPE        CLUSTER-IP     EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)        AGE
kubernetes   ClusterIP   10.96.0.1      <none>        443/TCP        3h13m
py-serv      NodePort    10.96.139.36   <none>        80:30000/TCP   3h8m
❯ kubectl get deployments
NAME                 READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
py-serv-deployment   1/1     1            1           3h8m
❯ kubectl get pods
NAME                                 READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
py-serv-deployment-ff89b5974-x9tjx   1/1     Running   0          3h8m
```

### Build mirrord-agent Docker Image

```bash
docker build -t test . --file mirrord/agent/Dockerfile
```

```bash
❯ docker images
REPOSITORY                                     TAG       IMAGE ID       CREATED         SIZE
test                                           latest    5080c20a8222   2 hours ago     300MB
```

> > **Note:** mirrord-agent is shipped as a container image as it creates a job with this image, providing it with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** mirrord-agent is shipped as a container image as mirrord creates a job with this image, providing it with
```
